# Generative-Non-Generative

**Files**

1> **complete_generalized_nongeneralized_queries.csv** -> This file contains data that is, user queries and is generated through ChatGPT. It is the initial dataset that we created.

2> **vehicle_queries.csv** -> This file also contains user queries that is generated with the help of ChatGPT. This file is generated by optimizing the prompt further and also it contains more number of records than the complete_generalized_nongeneralized_queries.csv.

3> **gng classification1v1 - DecisionTreeClassifier.ipynb** -> This file uses vehicle_queries.csv to train a decision tree model.

4> **gng classification1v2 - DecisionTreeClassifier.ipynb** -> This file uses vehicle_queries.csv to train a decision tree model. Then it saves the trained model (model.h5) in .h5 format also it generates files like "generalized.csv" and "non-generalized.csv" where generalized queries are stored in "generalized.csv" and "non-generalized" queries are stored in "non-generalized.csv". These two .csv files store queries in such a way that they will only store unique queries.

5> **model.h5** -  This is a file format to store structured data, its not a model by itself. Keras saves models in this format as it can easily store the weights and model configuration in a single file.

6> **gng classification2 - BertForSequenceClassification.ipynb** -> This file takes help from a pre-trained BertForSequenceClassification to classify or check whether two querys are related/similar or not.

7> **gng classification3 - SentenceTransformer.ipynb** -> This file make use of SentenceTransformer to generate embeddings for two queries and then use cosine similarity on the generated embeddings to determine whether they are similar or not.

8> **gng classification3 - SentenceTransformer Fast API.py** -> This file creates API for gng classification3 - SentenceTransformer.ipynb file.

9> **generalized.csv** - This file is generated after running "gng classification1v2 - DecisionTreeClassifier.ipynb" file. This file only stores generative queries only also logic is applied so that it can only store unique queries.

10> **non-generalized.csv** - This file is generated after running "gng classification1v2 - DecisionTreeClassifier.ipynb" file. This file only stores non-generative queries only also logic is applied so that it can only store unique queries.


**Requirements**

Python 3.11.7

fastapi 0.111.0

numpy 1.26.4

pandas 2.2.2

scikit-learn 1.5.0

torch 2.3.1

transformers 4.41.2

sentence-transformers 3.0.1
